Okay.
So now that we have our reusable job ballistic component, let's use it a couple of times in my job
listings, parent component.
So I'm going to head back to job listings.
And we're no longer of course going to need this ally because all of that logic is now stored in our
job listing component.
So I'm going to get rid of that ally entirely.
So this whole component is now just going to be our main tag with an ordered list, and we'll come back
to this in just a second.
The first thing we need to do, of course, is import and register our job listing component locally.
So right here in the script section, I'm going to import job listing that is going to come from the
source directory components, job results and the component is called job listing.
Make sure you import the singular job listing component right here.
I'm going to create a components key and I'm going to register job listing as a local component.
So now I can use it in my template.
And you guessed it, since this is a list item element at its root, what I can simply do, you can
see here it's a list item here.
What I can simply do is render a whole bunch of job listing components right here inside my ordered
list, and each one will represent that singular list item and they will form a complete list.
So let's render three job listing components.
Each one will be self-closing.
So I'll add that slash at the end and copy and paste this down.
Granted, all of our text is hardcoded, so these three job listings will be exactly the same.
But that's fine.
For now.
We're just practicing this view concept and we're building out how those job listings look.
So this will allow us to see how they look side by side.
Later on, we will render a whole bunch more based on dynamic data.
So just stick with me for now.
And with that we are good to navigate to our browser and see how this looks.
And there we go.
Looking good.
Here are our three job listing components.
If I scroll down, we can see there they are.
They are laying out pretty nicely here in this section of the page with the gray background and things
are looking pretty good.
So I'm pretty happy with what we have here with the initial build out of our job results page.
So I think we're going to wrap up this section in the very next lesson.